bpo-44589: raise SyntaxError when mapping pattern has duplicate key (#27131)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2021-07-13-23-19-41.bpo-44589.59OH8T.rst

> Mapping patterns in match/case statements with two or more identical literal
> keys causes a syntax error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mapping patterns in ``match`` statements with two or more equal literal
keys will now raise a :exc:`SyntaxError` at compile-time.
```
